docs: restructure docs sidebar (#1796)
urbica/martin: docs/src/mbtiles.md

# Working with MBTiles archives

> We offer the `mbtiles` utility to interact with the `*.mbtiles` files (see [this page](mbtiles-schema.md) for more information) from the command line.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Martin includes `mbtiles` utility to interact with the [`*.mbtiles` files](mbtiles-schema.md) from the command line.
```

> It allows users to [examine](mbtiles-meta.md), [copy](mbtiles-copy.md), [validate](mbtiles-validation.md) or [compare and apply diffs between them](mbtiles-diff.md).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

It allows users to [examine](mbtiles-meta.md), [copy](mbtiles-copy.md), [validate](mbtiles-validation.md) or [compare and apply diffs between them](mbtiles-diff.md).
```

Author: I prefer leaving them together.
I think both are part of the short "one sentence" (here two, as much content) summary, that a good paragrah should have.

If you have a strong oppinion on this, we can add a newline here.

Reviewer 2: My bad. I didn't noticed they are one single paragraph but with to two lines.

Use `mbtiles --help` to see a list of available commands, and `mbtiles <command> --help` to see help for a specific command.

This tool can be installed by compiling the latest released version with `cargo install mbtiles --locked`, or by downloading a pre-built binary from the [releases page](https://github.com/maplibre/martin/releases/latest).

> The `mbtiles` utility builds on top of the [MBTiles specification](https://github.com/mapbox/mbtiles-spec). It adds a few additional conventions to ensure that the content of the tile data is valid, and can be used for reliable diffing and patching of the tilesets.

Reviewer 2: Maybe delete this paragraph? Seems a little bit duplicated with the first paragraph?

```suggestion
The `mbtiles` utility builds on top of the [MBTiles specification](https://github.com/mapbox/mbtiles-spec). It adds a few additional conventions to ensure that the content of the tile data is valid, and can be used for reliable diffing and patching of the tilesets.
```

> 
> The `mbtiles` utility builds on top of the [MBTiles specification](https://github.com/mapbox/mbtiles-spec). It adds a few additional conventions to ensure that the content of the tile data is valid, and can be used for reliable diffing and patching of the tilesets.

Author: https://github.com/maplibre/martin/pull/1796/files#r2053648354

```suggestion
```
